Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Ah. here's the place guys.
- All right.
- Hello?
How are you doing?
I'm going great.
Oh. what's your name?
Melissa.
Melissa. I'm Smith.
We need four shots of whiskey.
The good stuff.
Yes.
All right. thank you.
You having a good night?
- Yeah.
- Can't complain?
I love it. we're having a great time.
We're not here for a long time.
We're here for good time.
Convention actually.
Cheers.
Oh. cheers.
thank you. thank you.
All right. here it is.
- Here's to good business and good fun.
Yeah. fun. that's
the most important thing.
- Yeah.
Oh. yeah.
- Melissa. sweetie. can you
please give another round
of drinks to these fine fellas.
It's on me. of course.
- Yeah. I like this guy.
- Welcome to town. gents.
What brings you here?
- We're here for the Home
and Garden Convention
over at the Golden Wagon.
- Oh. nice.
- Yeah. yeah.
I'm Smith.
This is Mark. Sullivan and Patrick.
- Hello. y'all.
My name is Joe.
Joe Allen.
Look. can I tell you a local bar fly?
- Ah. here we go.
Wait. where's yours?
- I'm good for tonight. trust
me. I've exceeded my limits.
- You sure?
Yeah. just drink up.
All right. to Joe.
- To Joe.
- Melissa. please. another one.
- Oh no. no. we're good.
- Yeah. I'm good.
- Listen. guys. the house has
been good to meet tonight.
Let a brother buy you a couple of shots.
Don't make me feel bad for
celebrating here on my lonesome.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. all right.
All right. this one's to Joe. our new bro.
- Drink up.
- You know what we're gonna do?
Let's do another round on good old Joe
and then I'm gonna let you
gents go back to your night.
How about that?
- Ah. thanks. man. really. but I am shot.
- Come on. no wussin' out now.
How about this?
We do one last round and then good old Joe
will give you a little bit of candy.
- Hell. I'm in on that.
- Yeah. me too.
- That's do it. boys.
- Let's do it.
- There it is.
- You guys go ahead. seriously. I'm good.
- Oh. come on.
There's always the one guy. right?
- Right.
Cheers.
All right. and Melissa. sweetie.
can you please make sure our
little friend Patty over here
is all right. while me
and the rest of the men go
to the back and do a little rendezvous.
Yeah. let's do it.
- Be safe.
Oh. yes. I'm excited.
Yes. yes.
I liked the way you roll. Smith.
You and your guys are so much fun.
Ain't gonna be elegant. but...
eh. neither are we. right?
Oh. fantastic.
I like that.
- All right. all right.
I only did this one time.
Well do it a second time then.
Two times a charm.
There it is. get it on there.
- Hey Joe?
Thank you. man.
You made this night awesome.
No problem.
- No. wait. wait. wait.
- Can I get you anything else?
- No. thank you.
- Well. we're closing soon.
- That Joe guy. he's
a real character. huh?
Is he always like that?
- What was that?
- Joe. he always like this?
- Don't know. ain't seen him here before.
- What. you haven't seen him here before?
- Can't say that I have.
He's been buying drinks
for folks all night.
Tips real well good. I'll give him that.
Good tipper.
- I'm just gonna go
see what they're up to.
Be right back.
- Sure thing.
- Hey guys?
- Patty?
It that you. buddy?
Come on man. you're missing on the party.
Good old. what-he's-name-is.
he's chucking up his liquor.
- And what about the others?
- Oh. the others are
fine. they're over here.
- Just down there?
- Yeah. behind the corner.
I think they're thinking of
piss or something. I don't know.
Did you even drink tonight?
Patty. you wussie little bitch.
Waste of fucking blood.
At least these blokes know how to party.
Shit.
Oh. Patty. you little fucker.
What the hell are you doing here?
Wake up.
- Baby.
- Come on.
How much did you have tonight?
- I don't know.
Six. seven or eight. I missed you so much.
Get your stuff.
Don't pull me like that.
- Shit. Jure
What the hell were you thinking?
Where you just going
to sleep there tonight?
- Yeah. baby--
- The sun is rising in a few hours.
- How was your night?
- Oh. that's amazing now.
Come on.
Come on. come on.
Come on. please.
You have to help me.
- I was just coming by--
- Oh. yeah. yeah
- I just wanted to say hi.
- Yeah. of course you were.
I told you to stay away and of course.
here you are.
Come on.
- I just wanted to see you.
- Fuck.
Please. here. you have
to help me a little.
Come on.
Come on. come on. come on.
Please. get in there.
Oh my god. okay.
Hey?
Drink this. it's good for you.
- Darya.
You're so pretty.
- What you did tonight was really stupid.
- Please. who cares?
- Me. your mom and your sister.
When was the last time you called them?
Call your mom. Jure.
She's all alone in that castle.
And if you get sick.
please get it in the bowl
not on the carpet.
- Darya?
Darya!
Darya?
What?
- Come here.
Are you sick?
- No. I'm not sick. no. listen.
I was thinking. how would you like to die?
- I'm already dead. remember?
You're the one who turned me.
- No. not like that.
You know what I mean?
- Oh. you're just stupid. go to sleep.
- The way I picture it.
I'm standing on a hilltop.
then a sliver of the light.
far off at the distance.
And then this sliver of light.
just explodes in million sun rays.
And they break all over the mountains.
Then they reach out to me.
And I feel the warmth.
Just for a second.
I feel the warmth.
And then my body bursts into embers
and gets blown away by the wind.
You are just being morbid.
Get some sleep.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Did I wake you up?
- Yep.
How you feeling?
- I feel like shit.
Darya. I'm sorry about
happened last night.
- Yeah.
Well that was just really stupid.
but that's to be expected. I guess.
- To be expected.
Why do you always have
to insult me like this?
- 'Cause I'm tired of your crap.
- Can you do us both
a favor and let me try
to make this relationship work.
- You can't give back
what you took from me.
- Yeah. I can't. but you know
that that's the only way I could have you.
- This isn't about you anymore.
Is it?
We already did that.
I just can't do this right now.
Go home. Jure. please and
then just leave me alone.
What can I get for ya?
- Well. I'd really like a girl like you.
But for now. I'll have a whiskey. neat.
Thank you.
- That guy down there. he's cute.
Hm. he's a thirsty boy.
- Here's another one for ya.
- Thank you.
You're such a poser.
Shut up. Mithra.
This is not dark and
angry. like a pagan god.
Oh. I'm sorry. Judas.
I don't latch on to whichever trends
hipsters are writing from day to day.
You know. Zoroaster. was doing this stuff
way before Jesus--
Fuck!
It's not
a trend. it's for real.
Whatever.
We are
the light of the world.
Let me see your light shine.
I'm not seeing it. come on.
Come on. let me see your light shine!
So what do I
do for the next two days
while I'm here?
Oh. don't ask
me. I'm not from here. so.
- Yeah. you don't seem like
you're from around here.
- Is it that obvious?
- The accent?
- Well. you know. I'm been all over
and this just seemed like
a great place to get away
and leave some old baggage behind.
- And how's that working out for ya?
- It's working itself out.
What about you?
What brings you here?
- I'm just here for a few
days for the conference.
It's a good break from the daily grind.
Home and Garden--
- Okay.
- Exciting stuff. I sell umbrellas.
I'm good at it.
- Yeah.
Hey. you Joe?
Yeah. that's me.
- Hey. I got another
pickup at the Golden Wagon.
they're going the same way as you.
- Sure.
- Alright.
- Do you need another?
Or you finally had
enough to ask me out yet?
- Nico. would you go out with me one
of these nights while with I'm in town.
- Well. it's last call and
then I'm out of here in a few.
so how's tonight look for you?
- Yeah. for sure.
- Okay.
What's your room number?
- Six one three.
- Cheers.
- See you there in half an hour?
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Mind if we squeeze in?
- Yeah. come on in.
- It's snug.
- Don't worry. we won't bite.
- I might.
You could just drop us
off at the Ranchero Motel.
- Hey. cowboy. you gonna
keep that all to yourself?
Come on. man. share some
with the rest of us.
- Oh. what the fuck?
- Look. I'll share mine.
if you share yours.
- Dude.
- Deal?
- No.
- Excuse me. Mister. do you mind
just letting us out right here?
- No. okay. keep going.
What's wrong with you?
I'm just trying to be friendly. man.
Listen. y'all go back to
whatever you were doing.
I'll leave you alone.
What the fuck?
- Keep driving. or I'll
snap your fucking head off.
- Just let me go.
Please.
- Drink this.
- No.
- It's vodka from the motherland.
It's good stuff.
178 proof.
Yeah. it's gonna make
all of your pain go away.
Fuck. don't waste my vodka.
I'm trying to help you here.
Drink it!
It's good for you.
- We're approaching the stop.
- Can you please keep going to my stop?
That little liquor store out in Riviera?
- Yeah.
- Okay. you're doing good.
Just give it some time to kick in. okay.
You'll be fine.
How long until we're there?
- About three minutes.
- Good.
You'll be fine.
- Sir. please. I got a family.
- Oh you do. really?
Yes.
- How many kids?
- Two.
- Boys. girls?
- Two girls.
Three and five.
- Hold on a second.
What are you doing?
Don't waste it.
Come on now.
Do you have any tissues?
Open your mouth.
Come on. now.
Calm down.
Just give it some time. yes.
Yes.
So. yeah. what's your name?
- Joe.
- Joe!
No way.
We've got the same name.
Well. it's similar technically
because my birth name
is different. it's Jure.
But you Americans always
pronounced it somehow like jar.
So. you know. I like been Joe.
It's just like the best name. right?
It's so simple. punchy.
it's just like. Joe.
It's a real guys name. bro.
So did you. did you grow up around here?
Yeah.
- Did you ever travel anywhere
or you just spend your whole
life in this little shit hole?
- I traveled a bit.
I went to the Grand Canyon.
I took the kids to Disneyland last year.
- So. pretty much stayed
close to home then. huh?
- Yeah.
- You see. I traveled all over the world
and I'll tell you this. I
always lived pretty rural.
but Americans rural.
that's a different breed. if you ask me.
People here have this.
what should I call it?
Rugged sense of self
satisfaction. you know.
I envy that.
Y'all don't know much.
but you know everything you want to know.
Just going through your days
without thinking too much about it.
I wish I can live like that.
I swear I would.
Going through your days
.
You can pull over there.
you see that dark spot?
You can just go there.
I'm so tired.
So tired.
Life gets tiring. if you
think too much about it.
You get shit on. you get
betrayed. people disappoint you.
Hell. seems to me. all I
do is I disappoint people.
But in the end. all that it's
for it's for some memories.
Memories.
Everybody's just a few
little lingering memories
and then they fade away.
Not a traces of them left.
Nothing.
But you are lucky. you know why?
Because death just happens for you.
Poof.
You are dead.
No effort.
Oh man. do you know how
lucky you are for that?
- No.
Please. you don't have to.
I won't tell anyone.
- Well. Joe. I'm sure you believe that
because you seem like a nice guy.
I can tell you.
But you will and then
we have a big problem
because then what's going to happen
is Novigrad all over again.
Listen. listen to me.
Relax Joe. Listen. listen. it's all good.
It would be with police and with guns
and I'm so sorry. I can't
do that tonight. buddy.
No.
No. not tonight.
Darya already hates me.
Right?
So I don't need to make that worse.
But. hey. hey. relax.
Think about it this way.
think about it this way.
hey. hey. no more struggles for you.
No more empty time to fill.
You just finished early.
You haven't been drinking. have you?
Yeah. I didn't think so.
- Hey man.
You guys carry any Balkan Vodka?
It's an import.
I don't think so.
Maybe on that shelf there.
Well. you don't have it. so.
I told you we didn't have it.
- Yeah. I heard you.
So these will have to do.
It's fine.
Oh. I'm sorry. man. listen.
it has just been one
of those nights. you know what I mean?
Oh. fuck.
Are you Spencer?
Yeah. that's me.
You Joe?
Hop on in. buddy.
God damn. what a night.
- Have couple too many drinks. buddy. huh?
More than I planned.
Onward. Joe.
That's how I like it. man.
Are you girls gonna
keep partying. or what?
Oh. my god!
what the stars are about
- Five stars for Joe.
Sir. do you need a ride?
- I don't even remember calling.
Come on. come on in.
Bye. sweetheart.
You want anything?
I can order some room service
if you want breakfast or anything.
- That's so sweet. but thanks. I'm fine.
I'll be out in a second.
Shit!
You okay in there?
- Yeah. fine.
Just forgot something.
Okay.
- Do you mind closing the blinds?
I hate mornings and I like
to ease into the day slowly.
Yeah. sure.
- I know it's weird.
- No problem.
I had a really good time.
- Well. you know where to find me.
Stop by if you have another free night.
- Yeah?
Even after...
You know.
- They don't call it
whiskey dick for nothing.
Drop by and we'll give it another go.
- Yeah.
- Sound good?
- Yeah. for sure.
- What are you doing?
You set up the whole bar for me?
- Oh. I have some time to kill.
Really. it's totally cool.
- That's so sweet.
How is your mom?
- She's getting better. thanks for asking.
- Okay. yeah.
- I'm glad you didn't go out last night.
- Why. what's up?
- There's some maniac out there.
They're still finding more bodies.
Seems totally random.
- Oh my god. that's just horrible.
- The whole world's going to shit.
I don't know what's wrong
with people nowadays.
Desperate for clues.
If you or anyone else--
- I'll be back in a second.
Please. do not hesitate
to contact local
authorities or us. here...
- Viktoria. it's Darya.
I'm so sorry to bother you.
It's Jure. he's doing it again
and I don't know what to do.
Could you please call
me when you get this?
Hey. Nico.
- Hi.
- I wanted to see if I could
take you up on that favor?
- Yeah.
- Just scored an interview at the Chateau.
The Red Room!
They wanna see me Sunday
after I finish up here.
- Oh my god. congrats. that's amazing.
Do you need me to watch the kids?
- If you can?
- Of course.
Like what time were you thinking?
- Like six or seven.
- I can do seven.
- Oh. perfect.
- Okay.
- Thank you so much.
They're gonna be at my
neighbor. Liz's all day.
but she's got my keys.
I'll text you her info.
- Okay. perfect.
All right.
Thank you. bye.
Nico. so
good to hear from you.
Sorry to hear the news.
I can be there tomorrow night.
Be good to see you. even if
it's under these circumstances.
Claudia says hello.
We all miss you.
See you tomorrow.
I'll see what I can do.
- Hi. Eddie.
- Hi. Nico.
Hey. so I can't get 'em right now.
Really sorry.
But it'd be like another 10 or 15 minutes.
- Don't worry. it's good.
- Okay. cool.
I'll be back as soon as I can. okay?
- Just text me when you're ready.
- Oh. yeah. of course. see you in a bit.
- Bye.
- Can I help you with something. ma'am?
- No. thanks.
I'm--
- You okay?
- I'm fine.
Is it okay I'm back here?
- There's a visitor's lounge if you want.
- Oh. I'm just here meeting a friends.
You know her mom isn't doing well. so.
- That's nice of you.
Do you know her mom's name?
Might be one of my patients.
- You know. I actually
don't know her that well.
she's just one of my coworkers.
I'm new to town.
- Same here.
Just transferred in from
Phoenix a few months ago.
Hey. since we're both new here.
if you ever want to meet up?
- Sure. yeah.
That'd be nice.
- Great.
Here. let me get your number.
- I'm Nico. by the way.
- Nico.
I'm sorry. I'm Raymond.
How rude of me.
- Dr. Raymond.
I'm actually free tonight.
- I might not be done until midnight.
- I'm up late.
It's actually the best time for me.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Now get in there. you've
got sick people that need you.
- You're right.
That sounds great.
Call you tonight.
- I filled it up with as
many as I could for you.
- Thank you. Eddie.
And there's a little extra in there
'cause you know I really appreciate you
hooking me up with such short notice.
- No problem.
Do you want me to help
you take that to your car?
- I got it.
- Are you sure. it's heavy?
Thank you.
- Okay.
Bye.
- Coming.
Well. hi there.
- You the guy that called?
- Yeah. I'm the guy.
- She's 200 for the hour.
- Let's do. I don't know. two hours.
- That'll work.
- What's your name. sweetie?
Cherry.
I'll be right out here. huh?
- Come in.
No. no. no. you ain't
gonna stay out there. man.
Come on.
Make yourself at home.
Not like that. dude.
Listen. me and the girl we
don't need the whole place.
just the bedroom.
You know what I mean?
Come on.
Can I get you some drinks and stuff.
This way.
Welcome.
What can I get you?
- I'll have that one.
Good choice.
- You got any Coke to mix it?
- Let me see.
Yeah. but it looks flat.
You know what though?
I have this. oh. where did it go?
Ah. oh. here.
This guy.
Are you cool with this?
- Yeah. I'm okay with that.
- All right. help yourself.
Make it a two?
- Sure.
- No ice.
- You got it.
The girl likes it neat.
Thank you.
Hey. there's no reason
this whole arrangement
shouldn't be friendly. right?
Salut.
- Salut.
I like you. Cherry.
You know how the party. pass
it over. let me refill you.
How was that?
Wakes you right up.
- All right. shall we?
Hey. I don't have a TV. so just chill.
Feel at home.
- I'm good.
- Okay.
Also. if you want another
drink. I mean it's right there.
Sounds good.
See you in a bit.
Hi.
You changed outta your scrubs?
- Think this was more appropriate.
- The doctor look was sexy.
- Not after a few surgeries.
- Even sexier.
- Hi. there.
Can I get you a drink to start?
- Just the water please.
Are you good
with your Chianti. sir?
- Yes. thank you.
You don't drink?
- I haven't in years.
- Years?
What are you like 25?
- Give or take a few.
- How is your friend doing. her mom?
- You know she's she's good. she's okay.
She's just getting old and--
Here you are.
Thank you.
Are we ready to order?
- Actually I already ate.
I'm sorry. I couldn't wait.
Cheap date. right?
- You mind if I?
- Of course.
- I'll have a porterhouse medium rare.
We'll put it in for you now.
Thank you.
- Well. to life.
- To life.
- Quite a girl you got there.
Oldest profession in the world.
That's what they say.
Good to know that some
things never change.
All right. baby. want some?
Be right back.
Hey you got any more girls?
- Yeah. I got a few.
- Let me refresh that for you.
- No. I good. man. I'm good.
- No. no. I insist.
This is the best stuff.
Import straight from my homeland.
Are you not going to even try it?
- I'll get around to it.
- Okay.
- Hey. how are you doing?
Sorry to keep you a wait. but me and Jim.
we had to do a shot.
You know. boys will be boys.
Gotta try this.
It's really good stuff from my homeland.
All good.
I'll be right back.
Wake up. I've gotta get some more in you.
Come on. drink. drink that.
So tell me about your ex?
- Well. she said I wasn't exciting.
Didn't have swagger.
- Wow.
- She actually wanted to
stay together after that.
But I couldn't.
- Of course. they always do don't they?
My ex wouldn't let go either.
Talk about swagger.
all he had was swagger.
- We should pair them up.
It seems like they'd be a good match.
- Maybe.
You know. I would not wish him on anyone.
See you Sunday. Dr. Raymond.
Damn boy.
I'm gonna be feeling
that all day tomorrow.
Oh. that was amazing.
So where are you from?
- Around here.
Nowhere special.
What's your ancestry?
- I'm native.
My family's indigenous to the land here.
Really?
- Huh-uh.
- You know. it has been a really long time
since I've been with a native. like you.
- Yeah.
I have really fond memories of
my time amongst your people.
So many amazing adventures.
Shame what happened. you know.
Those fucking Spaniards. man.
- Well. it was a really long time ago.
- Yeah. it was. it was a simpler time.
Back then. you could've
taken a whole village.
Everybody.
People would blame evil spirits
and ghosts and whatever.
Nowadays. you've got all of
these forensics and police
and military and investigations.
You gotta tread lightly.
Can't go wild anymore.
I don't know how Darya does it.
If I go without hunting for a while.
I just get depressed.
I mean. what's the point. really?
I did go without hunting
once for like 10 days.
but just get the cranky.
Become a real bastard.
- You've been real nice. Joe.
But I think we've gone
more than two hours.
Jim's gonna be asking.
- I'm sorry I'm rambling but you know.
I don't get to talk to
people a lot nowadays.
- It's okay.
I just really gotta get going.
- It's okay. I'm sorry.
It's time.
- Jim!
I'll make it quick. I promise.
Oh my god. I don't
think I can do it anymore.
- Is that your boy over there?
- Oh. Mike. shit. I
completely forgot about him.
- Oh. you got his name.
How formal of you.
- Yeah. I'm old fashioned that way.
- He was here last night. looking for ya.
Told him you were in tonight.
- Oh.
- It is his last night
here. have some fun. girl.
This is how I introduce
myself. I go. oh. big Mike.
- You got some friends with you. huh?
- Hey. Nico. this is
Paul and this is Greg.
- Ooh. she is real good.
Good for you. Mike.
- Well. good to meet you fellas.
What can I get for ya?
- I'll have a tequila.
Thanks. sweetie.
- Lager.
And I'll have a whiskey.
- Coming right up.
- Gentlemen. I will be right back.
You dog.
He's making me
second guess my marriage.
- Hey. what happened last night?
- Something came up. nothing personal.
Friends from work?
- Vendors from the convention.
Doing a little schmoozing. you know.
the wine and dine business stuff.
Plus I didn't know if you'd be here
and I didn't want to sit here
by myself drinking again.
- Well. I'm here tonight.
- Are we still on?
- Yeah. sure.
Just don't get too many
of these again. all right?
Come on. get up.
- I'm up. I'm up.
You guys are killing me.
It's not even two yet.
- Nobody can ride like you Mike.
- I'm out. I'm out.
Where are you going?
Calling a night.
It's not even two yet.
Party animals?
- I'll be in touch about those orders.
Paul. have fun with your hottie. bigshot.
Wanna hear the play by play.
See you at the airport.
All right. my man.
Get up there and...
And there were two.
Last call.
- You good?
- I'm good. I'm just gonna finish this.
- Yeah. me too.
- There you go.
- No. man. let me get it.
- No.
Stop. stop.
- Let me get it.
- Let me get this for you. okay. man.
Just give me a deal on those orders. okay?
Nine and a half foot umbrellas.
Aluminum.
- Yeah. yeah. you got it.
So. Nico. got any friends?
It's my last night in town.
- None your type. I'm sorry.
- If you think of anyone.
hook a brother up?
- Absolutely.
- See you upstairs?
- Yeah.
- Six one three.
- Got it.
You're an animal.
Are you getting close?
- Let me try.
Shit. come on.
only had three drinks.
- Four.
Just breathe.
Look who's here.
Viktoria.
- Darya.
Give your sister hug.
- It's been far too long.
Let me take your bag.
You look
more radiant than ever.
You too. ravishing as always.
- This is a cute place you have.
- Yeah. cute. right?
I bet Claudia's shoe closet is bigger.
- Oh. come on. it's nice.
- Well. thank you.
Can I get you anything?
- Hm. yes. please.
- Cheers.
- To family.
Oh. maybe not by blood.
but you are by love.
- Family.
Make yourself at home.
- Oh. I've been sitting forever.
I made it just in time. didn't I?
- So how are you and Claudia?
- Claudia is wonderful.
She misses you. of course.
- I owe her a call.
- Yes you do.
It would make a very
happy to hear from you.
We're in Greece now.
A lovely villa in Kithnos.
It reminds Claudia of Cartagena.
The Greeks are in such
a sad state of affairs
with refugees and strife.
it's perfect for us.
- How is mom?
- Same as always.
- Holed away in her castle?
- At this point. it's
practically a mausoleum.
She still keeps it up though.
- I do love her beautiful Baroque decor.
- Stuffy. I say.
She won't like me updated for her.
I think when Rococo came around.
she swore off new fashions forever.
- We know where your brother
got his stubbornness from.
- Speak of the devil.
What's he done this time?
- Same crap.
I just started getting settled here
and he shows up to ruin it again.
- He means well. Darya.
He just struggles to
think of others sometimes.
- He needs to move on.
It's over.
- I will speak to him tonight.
Don't worry.
Everything will work itself out.
- Thank you. Viktoria.
- You smell delightful.
Is that Dior?
- Faux.
- Fooled me.
- It's fresh. I just
picked it up yesterday.
- Look at you.
Awfully formal for babysitting?
It's okay to move on.
Find new passions.
- It's been so long.
It's weird.
- It's natural.
- I have no idea how any of this works.
- You have a choice now.
you'll get used to it.
- Don't tell Jure. please.
- Of course not.
It's none of his business.
Just don't tell Claudia
about the choice thing.
I don't want her getting any ideas.
- I won't.
I'm gonna get going.
- I will see you before I leave. right?
- Definitely.
Come by my work if you like.
I'll be there tomorrow.
What's this?
- Claudia insisted.
- Jesus. Viktoria. I can't.
- Come visit us and get some real Dior.
- Thank you. but I really can't. I can't.
- Dear. I know you don't like to ask.
but we have to help each other out.
It's how we survived this long.
Find your own path.
but know we're always here for you. Darya.
Please.
Don't be a stranger.
- Thank you. Viktoria.
I promise.
- Have fun.
- I will.
Bye.
Hi. Liz. I'm Nico.
Oh. yeah.
The kids were in the back bedroom.
- Thanks.
Janet says you've been a real lifesaver.
You have no idea how grateful she is.
- Oh. it's no bother.
I mean I'm home most of the days anyway.
Sophia. Mackenzie. your
mama's friends here
to take you home.
They've already eaten.
I know. we hate goodbyes.
Say goodbye.
- Bye.
All right. you two.
we should start cleaning up
and then get ready for bed. okay?
I sleep on the floor.
- You can clean up.
- You're helping.
- I'm back a little early.
How did it go?
- Good. I think.
How were they?
- Angels.
- Hi. sweetie.
You and Nico have fun?
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah.
- They're so adorable.
- Yeah. I got lucky with them.
- All right. I'm gonna get going.
Goodnight.
Jure?
Vik. is that you?
What are you doing here?
- Is this how you live now?
Like a dirty pig?
Why are you here?
Huh?
- This guy is turning.
You know that. right?
- Vik. damn it. Vik.
Vik. I was still drinking that.
- Go and clean yourself up.
And put on some fucking clothes.
All right.
- Where do you put these things?
- It's out back. behind the fence.
I'll fucking get it.
- They stink.
So do you.
Clean yourself up.
All right.
- Nico. oh my god. look at you.
- Look at you.
- I thought we were
meeting at the restaurant?
- I was done early and there's
a movie I wanna catch. so.
- If I'd have known.
I would've cleaned up.
- Nonsense. come on. if we leave here now.
we can't catch the 10 o'clock show.
Come on. I want a good seat.
Your hand is frigid.
I've got terrible circulation.
- What is this John Wayne look?
- John Wayne?
It's not John Wayne. it's
Rob Zombie. if anything.
- I don't know this Zombie.
It's silly.
- Well. it's better than
whatever the hell you're wearing.
God. why would you throw that guy out?
- He'd turned.
- He was fine.
Did you see him. he had
like two days left in him.
- I spoke to mom.
She agreed. if you do
not clean yourself up.
she's going to cut you off.
She won't support you the
way that you're going.
You worry us. Jure.
- Great.
Is that when you're here?
- Come stay with Claudia and me.
You'll love it.
It's beautiful. lively.
And there's so many
refugees washing ashore.
It's like a buffet.
- I don't care. I'm not leaving.
- You can't keep chasing Darya around.
Let go.
- Did you see Darya?
No. look at me. did you talk to her?
- If you want to ruin your
life. it's your choice.
but do not ruin hers.
Or ours for that matter.
You're on the news.
This isn't the old days.
- I know.
- That's what pisses me off.
You're like dad.
The only thing you care about
more than us is yourself.
- Well. you're wrong
because I love Darya more than anything.
- Bullshit.
If you really cared about
her. you'd stop all this.
Stop hurting her.
And maybe you'll stop
hurting yourself too.
My baby brother.
What am I going to do with you?
No more talk of this.
Come on. I've got a suite
at the Royal Chateau.
Stay in the guest room.
I want to spend some time with
my cowboy Zombie Bob brother.
Dying inside.
Come on.
This is fucking horse-shit!
Fuck
- It's not that bad.
Can I get you anything?
- No.
Well. just you.
Are you
watching all this. sweetie?
All unfolding. right here
before our very eyes.
Let's go.
- It's almost over.
I've got a better ending in mind.
I swear this stuff.
never does it for me.
No matter how much I
drink. I'm still hungry.
- You've got to give it time
and let your system get used to it.
- Please let me ease into this.
- Ease in?
You haven't even had one yet.
- Viktoria. this is special occasion.
When was the last time you and
me went on a hunt together?
10 years?
- Probably.
The Philippines. I think.
We can't. you've done enough here already.
- A couple of vagrants or something.
- Vagrants?
Is that what you think
a special occasion is?
You insult me.
- Okay. some tourists.
We can do that.
Vegas is just a short drive from here
and you know what they say?
What happens in Vegas?
- No.
- How about a little spot off the freeway
in the middle of nowhere.
Come on. me and you?
Like in the good old times.
- You promise to clean yourself up?
- A million percent. I will.
- Are you sure?
- I swear. I will.
- Find a good spot.
Middle of nowhere.
- Middle of nowhere.
I swear.
- Follow your lead.
- Like you always do.
- We're just closing.
- We'll just have one drink
and we'll be on our way.
- Make it quick.
What do you want?
- A celebratory drink.
I struck it real rich tonight
at roulette table. so.
We'd like to buy a round of drinks
for the gentlemen in this bar.
Please. guys. whatever
y'all want. it's on me.
- Whiskey.
I'll have vodka.
- I'll have the same.
- It's all cowboy shit.
- It'll grow on you.
Try this one.
- You do it.
- For passion for life.
which leaves no regrets.
For living with great
passion is the only deed
which can bring us peace in
the face of mortality specter.
- Well said. sis.
- Danged fruits.
- Excuse me. can we
please have another drink
for our friend over here.
- Last one. we're closed.
- Hey. buddy. this my sister.
she's visiting from Europe.
She's not familiar with your simple ways.
- I don't want that.
- Please. do not turn away
my brother's generosity.
- All right. all right. closing time.
Come on. let's go you two.
- We haven't even had our drinks yet.
- Look. I'm not asking you.
I'm telling you two fuck-wads to go.
- All right.
- Should've had that drink.
- Argh. don't want it.
Cheers.
- Of all the places.
What made her move out here?
- She always liked the lights.
Times Square. Shinjuku. Vegas.
you know. places like that.
She said that it's almost
like having sunlight again.
- Seems vulgar to me.
- To me too. you know. but that's just one
of the many things we
could never agree on.
You see. I just wanted
the little simpler life.
the two of us. you know.
To do some hunting. to make love.
But Darya. she just wants
to be around people.
I don't know why.
Yeah. she never really
had a stomach for hunting.
- She went on hunts with us?
She'd have done this.
- Well. yeah. these guys of course.
She's really picky. though.
No women. no children.
She wouldn't do it.
Gets really mad when I do it. so.
- Makes sense when you think about it.
- Yeah. I mean. I get it.
Like I can see her going after
some little pet or something.
I can see that.
But the mass of 'em.
- You really don't get it.
Put yourself in her place.
She had a family before she turned.
She still holds onto that--
- Oh. please. stop with that.
You know what?
That was so long ago she
needs to get over it already.
Come on.
- Jure. she watched us do
this to her whole family.
- Viktoria. I saved her.
Don't you think that I should
get some gratitude for that?
She'd be dead a long
time ago without me. me.
- Jesus. Jure. her kids. her parents.
her husband. her whole village.
you took that from her.
That can leave a scar.
- Okay. how about you and Claudia?
She doesn't seem to hold a grudge at all.
She didn't have a family
when I turned her.
- You killed her husband.
- He was a dick.
- He was?
- Total dick.
- I didn't know that.
- Yes you do.
He was the Spanish Viceroy. remember?
- Right. those guys were dicks.
- He messed her head up so bad.
She still has trust issues.
Which reminds me. just letting
her know what we're up to.
Seriously. that woman she thinks
I'm always sleeping around.
Her temper is ferocious.
- Is this is the last one?
- Yep. we drained them all.
- It's all just
repetitions of repetitions.
Isn't it?
- Round and round. ups and downs.
- It's all pointless.
- If you only think about yourself.
Sure.
- I don't think about myself.
Listen. I gave everything to Darya.
I treated that woman like a goddess
and you know this.
- She's not a goddess. she's a person.
Gods are what you make up in your mind.
They're what you wish them to be.
Darya. she is who she is.
Not who you wish her to be.
- You know. you and Claudia.
you have your art. you have your music.
you have each other.
I was always this. this adventure guy.
she was the only anchor I have.
And now. I'm just drifting.
- And she set you both free.
She's scared too.
Think about it.
Little village girl. married
off. raising a family
and then with you.
Now she's all alone in this strange time.
But she'll find her way and so will you.
- Yeah. I guess she will.
She's got a whole new life to find.
I've been there. done that.
Look at me now.
What do I have now?
- I don't know.
You have your terrible taste in music.
- Fuck you.
- Seriously. you like this cowboy garbage?
- It's not growing on you?
- It's growing on my nerves.
I won't let you become like mom.
And I won't let you go out like dad did.
You can't do that to us.
We won't win that war.
Not in the time that we live in now.
- It's not like it used to be.
peasants with pitchforks.
- It's a strange time we live in.
Nowadays. a person can change anything.
Religion. social caste. politics.
Hair. boobs. butt.
Your gender even!
But the one thing we cannot change
is the time we're in.
It's not all bad though.
Claudia and I don't have
to sneak around anymore.
it's been nice.
- You know. I was thinking
maybe we just keep going
because we feel like
our story's never over.
Maybe I did have my happy ending.
And now I'm just in the blank pages.
somewhere in the back of the book
thinking what's coming next.
- There are no endings. Jure.
It's just cycles.
Listen. it's your choice.
Destruction or creation?
Vengeance or forgiveness.
- How about apathy?
- Yeah.
- Apathy.
- Pack your bags tonight?
- I guess so.
- Good.
Claudia already has the bungalow made up.
She's excited to see you.
All right. come on.
I fucking missed you.
I missed you too.
Nico?
Nico. are you okay?
You're cold.
- You gonna warm me up again?
- I mean it. you're...
- Then fix me. doctor.
- I'm sorry. I can't make you breakfast.
I seriously have nothing in the fridge.
Don't worry.
I'll hit up the cafeteria
when I get to the hospital.
Can I drive you in?
Your car's still there.
- No. thanks.
I'm gonna get some more rest.
I'm sorry you have to go in already.
I barely let you sleep.
- If I get tired. I'll just think of you
and that'll get my heart racing again.
- Really?
Could you be any sweeter?
You know. if you aren't careful enough.
you might get stuck with me.
- I plan on it.
And I'm going to take
you grocery shopping.
We're going to get some
good food in here for you.
- Or I could just keep eating you up.
- You can't live on me alone.
- Sure. I could.
- If you're gonna keep me around.
you're gonna have to get used
to me taking care of you.
It's what I do.
- I've done fine this
long. don't you think?
Right?
- Even when the outside looks perfect.
you'd be surprised what
can be going on inside.
I don't mean to pry. but that's what I do.
I'm a surgeon.
When was the last time
you went to the doctor
and got checked out?
- About 10 minutes ago.
if I'm not mistaken.
- Your low temperature. your pulse rate.
they're not right.
And the toothbrush I
noticed red on the bristles.
Nico. it's not just circulation.
You can't ignore these things.
hoping they'll go away.
You got a long life ahead of you.
And I want to make sure it stays that way.
Let me check you out. please.
- Sure.
Next week. after work.
- Anytime.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I know it's scary
but you've got me now.
- You're too good.
Go. you've got other lives to save.
You can't be late.
I'm gonna go wash up.
- See you tomorrow?
- I think so.
I'll let you know.
- Patricia. can you take
a look at this for me?
- Yeah. what's up?
You need me to read those to you?
- Check out these lab results.
- These can't be real.
Someone messed up.
Hi. can I help you?
We're
looking for a Nico Dee.
Yes. she actually
works with me over at the bar.
She just got on shift.
Oh. great.
I'll just show you over here.
- Hey.
- What's going on. are you okay?
- Nico Dee?
Yes.
- Mind if we ask you a few questions?
Is Nico Dee your full name?
Yes.
D-E-E?
- Thanks.
I'm investigating the string
of murders around town.
And one of the victims was reportedly.
last seen with you.
Do you know him?
- Yes.
He was a customer.
- We were told you went up to his room.
the night of his murder.
- He's dead?
- Yes.
We found the body this morning.
in the desert outside town.
- Oh my god.
- The last time you saw him.
was there anything suspicious?
Was anyone else present?
- No.
Just had a few drinks.
We had a little fling.
Well. he was asleep
when I left and he said.
he's flying out in the morning.
- Do you know this man?
I'm gonna take that as a yes.
- Yeah. I think. I think so.
It looks like my ex Joe.
- When's the last time you saw him?
- A few months ago. since I moved here.
A few nights ago. he showed up here drunk
and right outside we had a fight
and I haven't seen him since.
- When was that?
- Four nights ago.
- Do you know where he might be staying?
- No. I'm sorry.
I thought he left.
I told him I didn't want him here.
I moved here to get away from him.
Do you think he did this?
- We know he did.
but we're still putting
everything together.
Any information you
can provide would help.
Associates. family.
You're the only person we
have that knows the suspect.
- Sure. if there's
anything I can do to help.
- Thank you. Miss. Dee.
How long have you known Joe?
- Too long?
Viktoria. where are you?
Come down. please meet
me by the river trail.
Okay.
- Are you okay?
- Where's Jure?
- He's in my room. getting ready.
we're leaving in a little bit.
- The police just came to my work
and questioned me for an hour.
- Shit.
- They know it's him.
- We're leaving tonight.
He's coming to stay with Claudia and I.
he's gonna get cleaned up.
I just hope it's not too late.
- I just have to move again.
- Are you sure?
Maybe it'll die down.
- I started hunting again. Viktoria.
They think it's Jure.
but I'm on their radar.
How many times does he have to kill me?
Every time I think I have a life.
he rips it away from me.
Is it how it is for us?
We can only live by destroying
other lives around us?
- It is. for some.
But you are different.
Give it time. you'll find a balance.
- I just wanna be normal.
I was once.
I just want what I had.
- You will find it.
There are others out there like us
and we're not all like Jure.
- We're all bastards. Viktoria.
- We can get that way.
It's true.
What about this date you had?
Sounds like it didn't go well. either.
- It went great.
That's the problem.
He's a genuinely good person.
He's everything Jure isn't.
- So. enjoy it.
- She's a doctor.
- Would you consider turning him?
- No.
No way in hell.
Especially not him.
The man saves lives.
What would he think of me?
I've killed three since I met him.
- You?
- On a day.
- He really lit your fire. didn't he?
- I'll be in touch.
Thank you.
- You will find the
life you are hoping for.
Until then. go find some rich
bastard and suck him dry.
- I might have to do that.
- Jure?
Jure?
Son of a bitch.
- What did I say. good shit. right?
- Um. yeah.
- Yes. it comes from the old country.
178 proof.
Kills all the pain.
Hey. you don't think I'm
an asshole too. do you?
Of course you don't.
You get it. man.
It's just ain't the place for
guys like us anymore. I guess.
- Yeah.
- Oh. man. look at us.
We created this. this whole world.
Now where it's just hiding from it.
Fuck that shit. man. right.
- You betcha.
- Fuck that. man.
You know what?
It is what it is.
What you gonna do?
- What are you doing here?
- You weren't at work or at home.
figured you'd come for
your car sooner or later.
- Are you stalking me now?
- Nico. I ran some tests.
- Tests on what?
- You've got numerous blood types--
- Raymond don't please--
- Your skin cells appear to
be hundreds of years old.
- Damn it. Raymond. Why?--
- Everything's been spinning
around in my head all day.
You don't eat.
You've lived everywhere.
How long have you been alive?
- Don't you know it's rude
to ask a woman her age?
- You're a miracle. Nico.
- I'm a curse.
- There are families in there.
who would pray for what you have.
- I'm a curse of death.
That's all I am.
And I won't do that to you.
- Nico. please?
- If you were anyone else. I
would've killed you already.
Jure no!
No!
- A doctor?
Seriously?
It's a little boring. don't you think?
- You piece of shit!
- Hey. let him turn or kill him?
It's your choice.
- I should kill you.
- Well...
- Why. Jure. why do you do this to me?
- 'Cause you weren't going to.
Listen. I understand.
You are not like I am.
But I'm not all bad.
I know I can't fix things.
I just hope one day you'd...
I just hope you can forgive me.
Hey. he's hurting pretty bad.
There's a hospital right there.
Don't worry. buddy.
It's just a little prick. all
right. you're gonna be fine.
It's gonna be a shitty couple of weeks.
but it'll be good to go.
Whole new man.
- Come on.
Almost there.
- Hey and you don't worry. I'm
just gonna clean up the rest
of my mess here and then I'm
gonna get out of your hair.
- It's gonna be fine.
Let me see.
He was right.
It's not that bad.
God damn it.
You taste delicious.
when it got this bad
a long black night
city gonna make them see
the words roll out
with heart of truth
the city gonna make them see